[cmd/opampsupervisor] docs: improvements in the supervisor startup guide (#32483)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: cmd/opampsupervisor/README.md

The supervisor is currently undergoing heavy development and is not ready for any serious use. However, if you would like to test it, you can follow the steps below:

1. Download the [opamp-go](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opamp-go) repository, and run the OpAMP example server in the `internal/examples/server` directory.

   ```shell
   git clone git@github.com:open-telemetry/opamp-go.git

>    cd internal/examples/server

Reviewer: If you just cloned it, you need to `cd` into the cloned directory too, right? :slightly_smiling_face: 
```suggestion
   cd opamp-go/internal/examples/server
```

Reviewer 2: changed

   go run .
   ```

   Visit [localhost:4321](http://localhost:4321) to verify that the server is running.

2. From the Collector contrib repository root, build the Collector:

   ```shell
   make otelcontribcol
   ```

> 3. Run the supervisor in the `cmd/opampsupervisor` directory of Collector contrib repository, substituting `<OS>` for your platform:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Run the supervisor in the `cmd/opampsupervisor` directory of Collector contrib repository, substituting `<OS>` for your operating system (`darwin` for MacOS, `linux` or `windows`):
```
